README.md, before:

[![APACHE v2 License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-apachev2-blue.svg?style=flat)](LICENSE-2.0.txt) [![Latest Release](https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/org.simplejavamail/outlook-message-parser.svg?style=flat)](http://search.maven.org/#search%7Cga%7C1%7Cg%3A%22org.simplejavamail%22%20AND%20a%3A%22outlook-message-parser%22) [![Javadocs](http://www.javadoc.io/badge/org.simplejavamail/outlook-message-parser.svg)](http://www.javadoc.io/doc/org.simplejavamail/outlook-message-parser) [![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/bbottema/outlook-message-parser.svg?style=flat)](https://travis-ci.org/bbottema/outlook-message-parser) [![Codacy](https://img.shields.io/codacy/db23d489d8374704a7a7e145f2dc6129.svg?style=flat)](https://www.codacy.com/app/b-bottema/outlook-message-parser)

# Outlook Message Parser
*Outlook Message Parser* is a small open source Java library that parses Outlook .msg files.

```
<dependency>
  <groupId>org.simplejavamail</groupId>
  <artifactId>outlook-message-parser</artifactId>
  <version>1.2.1</version>
</dependency>
```

Outlook Message Parser is a continuation (or fork if that project independently continues) of [msgparser](https://github.com/bbottema/msgparser). 

Under the hood it uses the [Apache POI - POIFS](http://poi.apache.org/poifs/) library to parse the message files which use the OLE 2 Compound Document format. Thus, it is merely a convenience library that covers the details of the .msg file. The implementation is based on the information provided at [fileformat.info](http://www.fileformat.info/format/outlookmsg/).

v1.2.1 (12-May-2019)

- Ignore non S/MIME related content types when extracting S/MIME metadata
- Added toString and equals methods to the S/MIME data classes

v1.1.21 (4-May-2019)

- Upgraded mediatype recognition based on file extension for incomplete attachments
- Added / improved support for public S/MIME meta data 


v1.1.20 (14-April-2019)

- [#7](https://github.com/bbottema/outlook-message-parser/issues/7) Fix missing S/MIME header details that are needed to determine the type of S/MIME application


v1.1.19 (10-April-2019)

- Log rtf compression error, but otherwise ignore it and keep going and extract what we can.


v1.1.18 (5-April-2019)

- [#6](https://github.com/bbottema/outlook-message-parser/issues/6) Missing mimeTag for attachments should be guessed based on file extension


v1.1.17 (19-August-2018)

- [#3](https://github.com/bbottema/simple-java-mail/issues/3) implemented robust support for character sets / code pages in RTF to HTML 
conversion (fixes chinese support #3)
- fixed bug where too much text was cleaned up as part of superfluous RTF cleanup step when converting to HTML
- Performance boost in the RTF -> HTML converter


v1.1.16 (~28-Februari-2017):

- First Maven deployment, continuing version number from 1.1.15 of msgparser (https://github.com/bbottema/msgparser)


v1.16:
 - Added support for replyTo name and address
 - cleaned up code (1st wave)

Commit message:

Added support for parsing msg files that contain HTML tags but are not enclosed within <HTML> and </HTML>.

README.md, after:

[![APACHE v2 License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-apachev2-blue.svg?style=flat)](LICENSE-2.0.txt) [![Latest Release](https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/org.simplejavamail/outlook-message-parser.svg?style=flat)](http://search.maven.org/#search%7Cga%7C1%7Cg%3A%22org.simplejavamail%22%20AND%20a%3A%22outlook-message-parser%22) [![Javadocs](http://www.javadoc.io/badge/org.simplejavamail/outlook-message-parser.svg)](http://www.javadoc.io/doc/org.simplejavamail/outlook-message-parser) [![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/bbottema/outlook-message-parser.svg?style=flat)](https://travis-ci.org/bbottema/outlook-message-parser) [![Codacy](https://img.shields.io/codacy/db23d489d8374704a7a7e145f2dc6129.svg?style=flat)](https://www.codacy.com/app/b-bottema/outlook-message-parser)

# Outlook Message Parser
*Outlook Message Parser* is a small open source Java library that parses Outlook .msg files.

```
<dependency>
  <groupId>org.simplejavamail</groupId>
  <artifactId>outlook-message-parser</artifactId>
  <version>1.2.1</version>
</dependency>
```

Outlook Message Parser is a continuation (or fork if that project independently continues) of [msgparser](https://github.com/bbottema/msgparser). 

Under the hood it uses the [Apache POI - POIFS](http://poi.apache.org/poifs/) library to parse the message files which use the OLE 2 Compound Document format. Thus, it is merely a convenience library that covers the details of the .msg file. The implementation is based on the information provided at [fileformat.info](http://www.fileformat.info/format/outlookmsg/).

v1.2.2 (11-Sep-2019)

- Added support for parsing messages that contain HTML tags but are not enclosed within <HTML> and </HTML>
- Added support for creating hyperlinks for URIs that use https

v1.2.1 (12-May-2019)

- Ignore non S/MIME related content types when extracting S/MIME metadata
- Added toString and equals methods to the S/MIME data classes

v1.1.21 (4-May-2019)

- Upgraded mediatype recognition based on file extension for incomplete attachments
- Added / improved support for public S/MIME meta data 


v1.1.20 (14-April-2019)

- [#7](https://github.com/bbottema/outlook-message-parser/issues/7) Fix missing S/MIME header details that are needed to determine the type of S/MIME application


v1.1.19 (10-April-2019)

- Log rtf compression error, but otherwise ignore it and keep going and extract what we can.


v1.1.18 (5-April-2019)

- [#6](https://github.com/bbottema/outlook-message-parser/issues/6) Missing mimeTag for attachments should be guessed based on file extension


v1.1.17 (19-August-2018)

- [#3](https://github.com/bbottema/simple-java-mail/issues/3) implemented robust support for character sets / code pages in RTF to HTML 
conversion (fixes chinese support #3)
- fixed bug where too much text was cleaned up as part of superfluous RTF cleanup step when converting to HTML
- Performance boost in the RTF -> HTML converter


v1.1.16 (~28-Februari-2017):

- First Maven deployment, continuing version number from 1.1.15 of msgparser (https://github.com/bbottema/msgparser)


v1.16:
 - Added support for replyTo name and address
 - cleaned up code (1st wave)
